---
title: "An Update"
category: blog
date: 2022-12-14
---

*Something I need to say.*

Hey.

It's been a few days since the last update post on my transition. What's going on? Have I stopped?

To make a long story short: no, I haven't stopped transitioning. In fact: I'm still taking the pills as I normally do. I've even set up a new system so that I don't miss any more pills in the future (the iOS health app wasn't cutting it, as I wasn't correctly inputting the data in). It involves note cards and me setting out the pills I need at the times I need them.

It's just that I need to take a break from doing these. It's not as if I don't like doing them (as I really did, since it was kind of fun to recall things that have happened since the last week), but doing it EVERY SINGLE WEEK? That's too much for me to handle at the current moment. I've got other things to worry about (mainly my job), and trying to take notes down while working has really gotten to my performance. It's not to the point where I'll be fired any time soon, but I'm not taking any chances here.

There's also the fact that there's pretty much nothing major happening right now in terms of changes. Still no developments on the boing boings, and everything feels as if it's stalled. I don't really want to bog this blog thing down with useless posts.

I may or may not come back at a different time and start it up again, but for now: they will stay here in an archived state. I'll combine them into one post instead of the 3 or so currently here. If they do get removed from the feed, this will be where I will link to them (since there are some things on this site that aren't linked to anywhere).

If you don't hear anything from me until next year: happy holidays and new year! Hopefully 2023 is better than these other 2 have been.